HI, YOU.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, BIG NEWS IN
THE FASHION WORLD.
APPARENTLY, UH, BROWN
IS THIS YEAR'S BLACK.
YOU NEED MORE LIGHT.
IT'S BAD FOR YOUR EYES.
WHY DIDN'T YOU FINISH THAT?
YOU'RE SUCH A MOM.
OH, SHUT UP.
YOU ARE.
ACTUALLY--
I NEED TO ASK YOU
SOMETHING.
AHEM, 'CAUSE, UM,
I'VE BEEN TALKING
TO EMMETT ABOUT MY WILL.
CHARLIE, WHY WOULD YOU--
I MEAN, I'VE--I'VE GOT
TO BE RESPONSIBLE
ABOUT THIS.
I'VE GOT
TO MAKE SOME PLANS.
I MEAN, BAILEY AND
JULIA, THEY'LL BE--
THEY'RE OK. THEY'RE--
THEY'RE FULLY COOKED.
BUT CLAUDIA AND OWEN--
I MEAN, GOD,
FOR ME TO JUST--
I KNOW THIS IS HUGE.
AND PAUL, MAN, I KNOW
THIS IS A LOT TO ASK OF
HIM AND YOU, TOO, BUT--
I HAVE TO.
WOULD YOU TWO
TAKE THEM
IF I CAN'T?
OH, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
SAY YOU'LL TALK TO HIM.
DON'T YOU--DON'T YOU
THINK THAT BAILEY
AND JULIA WOULD--
I KNOW.
I KNOW THEY WOULD,
BUT THEY'RE--
THEY'RE TOO YOUNG.
IT'S TOO MUCH.
AND IT'S NOT
LIKE I'M SAYING
TO BAY AND JULIA,
GO AWAY OR ANYTHING.
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU'D
SAY THAT TO THEM.
I'M JUST TALKING
ABOUT WHO'S ULTIMATELY
IN CHARGE.
'CAUSE IT IS SO UNFAIR
TO CLAUDIA AND OWEN
TO MAKE THEM BE THE
PRACTICE KIDS AGAIN,
YOU KNOW.
YOU GUYS COULD BE
PARENTS TO THEM.
REAL GROWNUP PARENTS.
THEY LOVE YOU, KIRSTEN.
I LOVE THEM.
WILL YOU THINK ABOUT IT?
AND TALK TO PAUL
ABOUT IT?
'CAUSE I JUST--I NEED--
I NEED TO KNOW
THERE'D BE SOMEBODY
LOOKING AFTER THEM.
Julia on Answering Machine:
HEY, NOBODY'S HERE NOW.
PLEASE LEAVE A MESSAGE
AND WE'LL GET BACK TO YOU.
Woman on Answering Machine:
MR. SALINGER?
THIS IS MS. HUFFMAN
FROM GRANT HIGH SCHOOL.
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO REACH YOU.
CLAUDIA'S BEEN MISSING
A LOT OF SCHOOL LATELY,
I'M HOPING YOU AND SHE CAN
MEET WITH ME THIS AFTERNOON
AND WE CAN DEAL WITH THIS.
IF I DON'T HEAR OTHERWISE,
I'LL EXPECT YOU
AT 5:00, ROOM 314.
PLEASE BE THERE.
THIS IS IMPORTANT.
[THE BODEANS' "CLOSER TO FIVE"
PLAYING]
♪ Everybody wants to live ♪
♪ Like they wanna live ♪
♪ And everybody wants to love ♪
♪ Like they wanna love ♪
♪ Everybody wants to be ♪
♪ Closer to free-ee-ee-ee ♪
♪ Closer to free ♪
Woman on Answering Machine:
MR. SALINGER?
THIS IS MS. HUFFMAN
FROM GRANT HIGH SCHOOL.
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO REACH YOU.
CLAUDIA'S BEEN MISSING
A LOT OF SCHOOL LATELY,
WHY AREN'T YOU AT WORK?
I CAME HOME FOR LUNCH
TO TRY AND CLEAN UP
SOME OF THIS MESS.
YOU'RE TOO LATE.
I ALREADY HEARD IT.
BAILEY, GET IN HERE.
SHE'S HOME!
WHAT'S HE DOING HERE?
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU, CLAUDIA?
DID YOU THINK NO ONE
WOULD EVER FIND OUT?
PRETTY MUCH. YEAH.
WHAT'S GOING ON, CLAUD?
WHAT ARE YOU,
LIKE, A TRUANT NOW?
THEY SAID YOU'VE BEEN
CUTTING CLASSES FOR,
LIKE, WEEKS. WHAT IS THAT?
OH, GIVE ME A BREAK.
I MISSED A COUPLE OF CLASSES.
THEY DON'T FREAK OUT
LIKE THIS OVER
A COUPLE OF CLASSES.
WHATEVER.
HEY! HEY! WAIT!
WAIT A MINUTE!
DON'T YOU--
LOOK, WE ARE
KILLING OURSELVES
TRYING TO HOLD
EVERYTHING
TOGETHER HERE.
AND ESPECIALLY WITH
CHARLIE IN THE HOSPITAL.
I MEAN, COME ON, CLAUD,
YOU DON'T PULL STUFF
LIKE THIS.
FINE. SO WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO DO?
LOSE THE ATTITUDE
AND GET YOUR BOOK BAG
AND GO BACK TO SCHOOL
RIGHT NOW. YOU GOT THAT?
AND WE'RE GOING
TO MEET YOU THERE
THIS AFTERNOON
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO TALK TO YOUR
GUIDANCE COUNSELOR
AND SAY THAT YOU'RE
SORRY AND THAT
THIS IS NEVER GOING
TO HAPPEN AGAIN
AND THAT'S THAT.
GREAT. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH,
GREAT. SO, UH,
SO NOW EVERYTHING'S FIXED.
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THIS. DO YOU
HAVE TIME FOR THIS?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
WORK IS CRAZED. I HAVEN'T
SEEN ANNIE IN OVER A WEEK.
ARE YOU GOING TO SEE
CHARLIE LATER?
I DON'T KNOW.
IF I GET A BREAK.
LET'S NOT TELL HIM
ABOUT THIS.
ABOUT CLAUDIA.
HE DOESN'T NEED
TO HEAR ABOUT IT.
NO. I'M WITH YOU ON THAT.
SO, 5:00
AT THE SCHOOL?
5:00 AT THE SCHOOL.
YOU DIDN'T
DO THESE RIGHT.
UH, HELLO TO YOU, TOO.
SORRY. IT'S JUST THAT
THERE'S A SYSTEM.
YEAH, I KNOW.
THEY COME INTO TOWN
AND GLOM ONTO SOMEBODY
ELSE'S BUSINESS
LIKE VULTURES.
KIND OF KNOW
THEIR SYSTEM.
SO, LAY IT ON ME.
WHAT'D I MESS UP TODAY?
WAIT, DID I SAY THAT?
DID I SAY MESS UP?
NOW, LOOK, HERE,
YOU JUST GOT TO LIST
YOUR PARTS BY CODES.
SO IT'S NOT FILTER,
IT'S F-L-T, THEN DASH,
THEN THE SIZE.
SAME WITH THE OIL.
JUST LIST THE GRADE
IN THIS COLUMN.
IT'S NO BIGGIE.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
I CAN MANAGE THAT.
SEEING AS HOW OIL
AND FILTERS IS ALL
THEY'RE LETTING ME DO.
AND YOU DIDN'T DO THIS--
W-B-A, W-C-A.
THAT'S 'CAUSE I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE HELL THEY MEAN.
WORK BEGAN AT,
WORK COMPLETED AT.
GUESS THEY WANT
TO KEEP TRACK OF
YOUR EVERY MOMENT, HUH?
YEAH. ALL RIGHT,
JUST LEAVE THEM,
AND I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT
WHEN I'M DONE.
THEN THEY CAN GET ONTO ME
ABOUT MY HANDWRITING
ON TOP OF EVERYTHING ELSE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET ME DO IT.
I'LL--I'LL TAKE CARE
OF THEM. I'LL DO 'EM.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DO THAT.
NO, IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
FIGURE OUT WHAT
EVERYTHING IS.
PLUS, MY SOAP'S
PRE-EMPTED TODAY.
IT'LL GIVE ME SOMETHING
TO DO DURING LUNCH.
I GOTTA TELL YOU.
I STILL DON'T THINK
YOU OUGHTA BE WORRYING
ABOUT THIS NOW. IT'S MORBID.
BAY, I SHOULD
HAVE DONE THIS
2 OR 3 YEARS AGO.
YOU KNOW, I COULD
GO INTO REMISSION
AND STILL GET RUN OVER
CROSSING THE STREET.
MAN, YOU ARE A SALINGER.
OK, SO FINE.
THEN LEAVE ME YOUR SKIS.
OH, VERY NICE.
HEY! HOW DO YOU FEEL?
NOT TOO BAD.
SO, WHAT'S GOING ON?
MR. OPTIMISM HERE
IS WORKING ON HIS WILL.
JUST SO YOU KNOW,
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY
DIBS ON OWEN.
YOU CAN HAVE CLAUDIA.
HEY, YOU GUYS, UH,
WE KIND OF--
WE KIND OF NEED
TO TALK ABOUT THAT,
YOU KNOW?
UM, ABOUT THEM
IN THE FUTURE.
YOU MEAN, LIKE,
COLLEGE AND STUFF?
NO. LIKE...
WHO THEY'D LIVE WITH.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THEY'D LIVE WITH US.
HOW IS THAT
EVEN A QUESTION?
WHERE ELSE
WOULD THEY BE?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE, UH,
MAYBE KIRSTEN'S.
SERIOUSLY?
WAIT. YOU'RE NOT...
YOU GUYS, I WAS OLDER
THAN BOTH OF YOU WHEN
MOM AND DAD DIED.
AND IT WAS COMPLETELY
OVERWHELMING FOR ME.
Bailey: BUT YOU DID IT.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING,
CHARLIE,
THAT--THAT YOU
COULD HANDLE IT
BUT THAT WE'RE...
WHAT? WE'RE TOO IRRESPONSIBLE?
WE'RE TOO IMMATURE?
NO. NO, THAT ISN'T--
THEN WHY DID YOU
COME UP WITH THIS?
I MEAN, WE'RE DOING
IT NOW, PRETTY MUCH.
NOW IS DIFFERENT. IT'S--
GOD! CHARLIE, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT MORE YOU WANT FROM ME.
I MEAN, I'M BUSTING MY ASS
TO KEEP EVERYTHING--
EXACTLY. THAT'S
EXACTLY IT, JULE.
'CAUSE IF SOMETHING
HAPPENS TO ME,
WHY SHOULD YOU
BE STUCK BEING--
BEING THIS PARENT?
IT'S TOO MUCH.
I WANT YOU GUYS
TO BE ABLE TO
LIVE YOUR LIVES,
ALL RIGHT?
WELL, THEY'RE
IN OUR LIVES, CHARLIE.
THEY'RE PART OF OUR LIVES.
AND THEY'D STILL BE.
I MEAN, THIS IS
MORE LIKE...
WHERE ARE THEY
GONNA SLEEP?
WHO'S GOING TO GO TO
OPEN SCHOOL NIGHT?
WHEN'S THEIR--
THEIR 6-MONTH
DENTAL CHECK-UP?
THAT KIND OF THING.
JUST KEEPING THINGS
IN ORDER.
THAT'S CRAP.
OK. LOOK, I KNOW
THIS IS KIND OF
OUT OF THE BLUE,
BUT IF YOU
THINK ABOUT IT,
YOU'LL SEE THAT
IT MAKES SENSE.
YEAH, I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
I GOTTA GO BACK TO WORK.
[SIGHS]
YOU GET IT,
RIGHT, JULE?
HEY, I GOT ALL
MY DOTS AND DASHES
IN ORDER THIS TIME.
DO I GET A PRIZE?
YEAH, GOOD.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU,
THEY CANCEL YOUR SOAP?
YOU KNOW, JUST WHEN
EVERYTHING'S GOING OK,
AND I FEEL LIKE
I HAVE EVERYTHING
UNDER CONTROL,
I FIND SOME NEW AND
IMPROVED WAY TO BLOW IT.
WHAT'D YOU DO?
TOOK THIS COUPON.
THEY HAD THIS
STUPID PROMOTION
WHEN THE OTHER SHOP
OPENED--
SPEND 150 BUCKS AND
YOU GET A FREE TUNE-UP.
IT'S ONLY UNTIL
JANUARY 20th
AND I DIDN'T LOOK.
SO NOW THIS GUY'S GONNA
COME IN HERE TOMORROW,
HE'S GONNA WANT HIS BIKE
TUNED UP, AND HE'S NOT
GONNA WANNA PAY.
WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD.
HE GAVE YOU SOMETHING
THAT'S EXPIRED.
JUST TELL HIM.
I CAN'T. SEE,
COMPANY POLICY
IS YOU MAKE THE MISTAKE,
AND IT'S ON YOU.
WHICH MEANS THEY'RE
GOING TO DOCK ME,
LIKE, 80 BUCKS,
WHICH IS FOOD
FOR THE MONTH.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
HEY, HEY, JUST, LISTEN,
LET THESE OTHER GUYS
GET OUT OF HERE AND
I'LL DO THE TUNE-UP FOR YOU.
WHAT?
YEAH, NO PAPERWORK
OR NOTHING.
NOBODY'S GOT TO KNOW.
CUSTOMER WILL BE HAPPY.
I JUST NEED YOU TO HANG OUT
AND STAND GUARD FOR ME.
IS THAT COOL?
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH, YOU CAN JUST,
UH, YOU KNOW,
TELL ME ALL ABOUT WHO'S
SLEEPING WITH WHO
ON YOUR SOAP.
BAILEY, NOW, WE HAVE
TO GO HOME THIS MINUTE.
NO, I CAN'T.
I GOTTA STAY HERE
AND SET UP EVERYTHING.
AND THEN I--
JEFF, COULD YOU GET
THE SPECIALS BOARD
FOR ME, PLEASE?
LISTEN TO ME. THERE IS
6 INCHES OF WATER
IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM
AND WHATEVER WAS IN
THE BASEMENT IS RUINED.
CAN'T YOU--
NO, I CAN'T.
BAILEY, BECAUSE IT'S
WET AND IT'S HEAVY
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
THE LONGER WE WAIT--
OK. OK.
YOU KNOW WHAT? IF WE MOTOR
OVER THERE RIGHT NOW,
THEN I COULD--
DAMN IT!
WHAT?
THERE'S THIS THING
AT CLAUD'S SCHOOL
THAT I HAVE TO--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JULE CAN COVER. COME ON.
USE A HANGER.
A WIRE COAT HANGER.
I DON'T KNOW.
HAVEN'T YOU EVER
SEEN A MOVIE?
THEN BREAK THE WINDOW.
JUST GET HERE, DONNA.
I NEED YOU TO SIT WITH HIM.
OK, AS SOON AS YOU CAN,
BUT COME ON, I'M ALREADY LATE.
OWEN, GIVE IT A REST.
HE'S GOING TO BE
TOO BUSY TEACHING ME
HOW TO PLAY CHESS,
AREN'T YOU, DAD?
WELL, JEFF, I...
HI, ZOE,
IS BAILEY THERE?
OH. I WANTED
TO CATCH HIM BEFORE HE--
NO, NO MESSAGE.
THANKS. BYE.
TV: ME, TOO, SO YOU'D
BETTER PRACTICE UP
ON YOUR CHESS.
BYE, MOM.
NOT YET?
NO.
ARE YOU SURE THEY
HAD THE RIGHT TIME?
ALL RIGHT. WELL,
LET ME KNOW WHEN
SOMEBODY GETS HERE.
[FOOTSTEPS]
CLAUDIA?
NO, IT'S ME.
DO WE STILL HAVE THAT
WET-VAC THING HERE?
NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
HEY, LISTEN, I'M SORRY
I FLAKED. HOW'D IT GO?
HOW DID WHAT GO?
CLAUD'S MEETING.
I TRIED, BUT PHI BETA DONNA
LOCKED HER KEYS IN THE CAR.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT
WAIT, WAIT.
YOU DIDN'T GO
TO THE MEETING?
NO. I WAS STUCK HERE.
YOU WEREN'T--
NO, I WASN'T.
THERE WAS A FLOOD
AT THE APARTMENT BUILDING
AND I HAD TO CLEAN UP
A HUGE MESS.
I FIGURED YOU WOULD COVER.
I FIGURED YOU WOULD
COVER. WHY DIDN'T
YOU CALL ME?
WHY WOULD I CALL YOU?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE THERE.
GOD, WHAT DID WE DO?
WE SCREWED UP.
DAMN IT, HOW DID THIS--
OK, OK, WAIT A SECOND.
DO YOU THINK ANYBODY'S
THERE NOW AT THE SCHOOL?
WE CAN CALL SOMEONE.
WHAT'S HER FACE,
THE COUNSELOR LADY,?
NO, IT'S TOO LATE.
THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN
DO UNTIL TOMORROW.
DO YOU THINK CLAUDIA WENT?
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE
IF SHE DID? WE DIDN'T.
YOU KNOW, I CAN JUST
HEAR IT AT THE SCHOOL.
HOW ARE THEY SUPPOSED
TO GET THIS KID
TO GO TO CLASS
IF THEY CAN'T EVEN
COME TO A MEETING?
AND GOD, CHARLIE,
3 HOURS AGO,
WE WERE TELLING HIM
HOW--HOW TRUSTWORTHY
AND RESPONSIBLE WE ARE.
JULE, ENOUGH.
WE MADE ONE MISTAKE, OK?
IT DOESN'T MAKE US
INCOMPETENT,
AND IT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT CHARLIE'S RIGHT,
BECAUSE HE ISN'T.
CLAUDIA, IS THAT YOU?
NO, IT'S ME.
OH. YOU'RE JUST
GETTING HOME?
WHERE'D YOU GO
AFTER WORK?
UH, NO, I DIDN'T.
I, UH,
I KINDA GOT STUCK
ON THIS TUNE-UP.
SORT OF TRICKIER
THAN I THOUGHT IT'D BE.
WHAT DO YOU GET
FOR OVERTIME THERE?
IS IT TIME AND A HALF?
UH, I GUESS.
WELL, GOOD THEN.
SEE, AT LEAST
THERE'S ONE ADVANTAGE
TO WORKING FOR
SOMEONE ELSE.
UH, WELL, YEAH,
I NEVER THOUGHT
ABOUT IT THAT WAY.
HOW'S IT GOING?
IT'S GOING.
CLAUDIA.
MAN, THERE'S, LIKE,
NOTHING IN HERE.
WHERE WERE YOU, IT'S--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S PRETTY IRONIC.
WHERE WAS I?
WHERE WERE YOU?
I SAT THERE LIKE SOME LOSER.
OK, LOOK,
I'M SORRY. REALLY.
WE BOTH GOT HUNG UP.
BAILEY THOUGHT I WAS
GOING TO GO
AND I THOUGHT HE WAS.
IT WAS DUMB.
YEAH, WELL, EVERYBODY
HAS PRIORITIES.
NO, NO,
THAT IS NOT--
IT'S NOT LIKE
WE BLEW IT OFF.
IT WAS A MIX-UP.
AND I'M GOING
RESCHEDULE.
FIRST THING
TOMORROW MORNING,
I'M CALLING
MS. HOFFMAN.
IT'S HUFFMAN.
HI.
OH.
I HAVE 2 WORDS
FOR EVERY PERSON
WITH A CHILD--
BICYCLE HELMET.
OH, NO.
WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU GO OUT THERE AND
THERE ARE THESE PARENTS
IN THE WAITING ROOM.
AND I HAVE TO TELL THEM.
THE FATHER, HE BOUGHT HER
THE BIKE FOR HER BIRTHDAY.
HE'S JUST--
AND I KEPT TRYING TO
COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
I KEPT THINKING
IS THERE ANYTHING--
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO TO MAKE IT
EVEN A LITTLE BETTER.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU FOR
THINKING LIKE THAT.
AND I KNOW
HOW YOU FEEL...
SORT OF.
I SAW CHARLIE TODAY.
OH.
AND I THINK MAYBE
THERE'S SOMETHING
THAT YOU AND I CAN DO
TO MAKE IT A LITTLE
LESS HORRIBLE FOR HIM.
LISTEN, I HAVE TO TELL
YOU WE FEEL TERRIBLE
ABOUT YESTERDAY.
THAT WAS--IT WAS
TOTALLY OUR FAULT.
WE KNOW THIS IS A BIG DEAL,
IT'S JUST THAT THINGS--
WHERE IS CHARLIE?
HE'S THE ONE I'VE
BEEN TRYING TO CALL.
I KNOW AND HE CARES
ABOUT THIS, TOO, A LOT.
IT'S JUST THAT
HE'S REALLY SWAMPED,
SO HE KIND OF--
HE'S HER GUARDIAN.
HE SHOULD BE HERE.
WE KNOW, BUT--
I'VE GOT TO TELL
YOU GUYS, I AM REALLY
STARTING TO WONDER
WHAT'S GOING ON
AROUND HERE.
YOUR SISTER IS
AN EXCELLENT STUDENT.
HONOR ROLL
HER FIRST SEMESTER.
AND NOW, SHE'S CUTTING
CLASSES LEFT AND RIGHT.
SHE'S DROPPED OUT
OF ORCHESTRA.
WE SEND LETTERS HOME
AND GET NO ANSWERS.
WHAT LETTERS?
YOU DIDN'T GET THEM?
WELL, MAYBE--MAYBE
CHARLIE GOT THEM.
PROBABLY CHARLIE
GOT THEM. I'M SURE
CHARLIE GOT THEM.
AND NOW CLAUDIA'S
NOT HERE.
OH, WELL,
DIDN'T SOMEONE
FROM THE OFFICE
CALL HER
OUT OF CLASS?
SHE ISN'T
IN CLASS TODAY.
RIGHT. RIGHT,
I FORGOT TO TELL YOU.
SHE HAS A SORE THROAT,
SO I TOLD HER SHE COULD, UH--
OK, YOU KNOW,
THAT'S ENOUGH.
THIS IS JUST
GETTING RIDICULOUS.
YOU'RE SAYING SHE'S
IN CLASS. YOU'RE
SAYING SHE'S SICK.
OK, OK, YOU KNOW WHAT,
MS. HUFFMAN?
THE TRUTH IS IS THAT
THERE'S SOME STUFF
GOING ON IN OUR FAMILY
RIGHT NOW
THAT'S--THAT'S BEEN VERY
DIFFICULT FOR CLAUDIA.
CHARLIE HAS PNEUMONIA.
AND THAT'S WHY HE'S NOT
HERE AT THIS MEETING,
BUT HE'S GOING TO BE OUT
OF THE HOSPITAL SOON
AND THEN HE
CAN GET BACK--
HE'S IN
THE HOSPITAL?
WELL, HE'S BEEN
KIND OF RUN DOWN
FROM THE RADIATION.
WAIT, WHY RADIATION?
YOU SAID HE
HAS PNEUMONIA.
WHY IS HE--
THAT, BUT ALSO,
THE BIG THING--
HE HAS
HODGKIN'S DISEASE.
MY GOD.
BUT--BUT THEY'RE
TREATING IT
AND HE'S GETTING BETTER.
AND HE'LL BE OUT OF THE
HOSPITAL IN, LIKE, DAYS.
ALL RIGHT, BUT
IN THE MEANTIME,
WE STILL NEED TO DEAL
WITH YOUR SISTER.
I KNOW.
I KNOW. WE GET IT.
WE GET IT,
AND WE'RE GOING
TO TAKE CARE OF THIS.
I'LL TALK TO CLAUDIA, OK?
AND, UH--
WE'LL GET IT
STRAIGHTENED OUT.
THANK YOU. THIS WAS--
THIS WAS GOOD.
SO WHAT'S THE DEAL?
HOW LONG HAVE YOU
WORKED FOR THESE PEOPLE?
MMM, A YEAR.
YEAR-AND-A-HALF.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
SAW THE SIGN OVER THERE
FOR THE MANAGEMENT TRAINEE
THING THEY HAVE.
YOU GONNA DO THAT?
IS THAT THE BIG PLAN?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOTTA TELL YOU,
THIS WHOLE LONG-TERM
PLANNING LIFE-DREAM
KIND OF THING--
WAY OVERRATED.
YEAH?
YEAH, I MEAN,
IT'S, LIKE,
WHY GIVE YOURSELF
AN ULCER, RIGHT?
BECAUSE THEN
IF THINGS
DON'T WORK OUT,
YOU WALK AROUND,
LIKE, "OH, BOOHOO,
MY LIFE IS RUINED."
I SAY JUST LIVE.
SEE WHAT COMES UP.
OH, A BIG PHILOSOPHER.
DON'T MAKE FUN OF ME.
I'M NOT.
AND ALSO, UH, YOU KNOW,
I KIND OF LIKE THIS.
I MEAN, I'M NO HELL'S
ANGEL OR ANYTHING,
BUT BIKES?
GUYS WITH BIKES?
OOH, BABY.
THIS WHOLE THING,
IT'S SO--FREE.
YOU KNOW, AND SEXY,
DON'T YOU THINK?
YOU THINK THAT?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
RIDING ON THE BACK
OF SOME BEAT UP OLD HOG,
WITH THAT DEATH-GRIP
THING GIRLS DO
TO HOLD ON AROUND
THE GUY'S WAIST.
YOU'RE SO CLOSE,
YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE SQUASHED
TOGETHER, LIKE SPOONS.
YOU'RE MOVING FAST
AND YOU CAN'T TALK.
ALL YOU CAN DO
IS FEEL EACH OTHER.
MAYBE YOU'LL GIVE ME
A RIDE SOMETIME?
MMM.
[SIGHS]
HEY.
HOW YOU DOING?
MMM, MAN, I WAS HAVING
A WEIRD DREAM.
I WAS SKIING,
BUT IN MY BARE FEET.
DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT
I DREAMT LAST NIGHT?
WHAT'S THAT?
WE WERE ON A LAKE.
YOU AND ME.
I WAS IN A BOAT.
THIS LITTLE
RICKETY THING,
AND YOU WERE SWIMMING
CIRCLES AROUND IT.
BUT ALL OF A SUDDEN,
YOU--YOU STARTED
TO GO UNDER
AND, UM, AND YOU WERE
YELLING TO ME.
AND I--I THREW OUT
THIS--INNER TUBE,
AND YOU GRABBED IT.
AND I SAVED YOU.
WHAT'S--KIRSTEN?
WHAT'S--
YOU KNOW PAUL'S
A GOOD MAN, RIGHT?
I MEAN, ALL--
ALL HE DOES IS
TAKE CARE OF PEOPLE.
ALL DAY LONG,
HE TAKES CARE
OF THESE KIDS,
AND HE CARES
ABOUT THEM.
IT'S NOT LIKE
HE'S SELFISH.
BUT HE JUST--
HE JUST NEVER WANTED
ANY OF HIS OWN.
HE NEVER DID.
I MEAN,
I GUESS THAT'S--
THAT'S PART OF
THE REASON WHY WE
ENDED UP TOGETHER.
I KNOW IT IS.
THEN, OK.
WE CAN'T TAKE THEM,
CHARLIE.
OK.
I WANTED TO BE ABLE
TO DO THIS FOR YOU.
I KNOW YOU DID.
JAMES DAY, CHILD
PROTECTIVE SERVICES.
CAN I COME IN
FOR A MINUTE?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
ARE YOU CLAUDIA SALINGER?
YEAH. SO?
I NEED TO TALK TO WHOEVER'S
IN CHARGE OF THIS HOUSEHOLD.
COULD YOU PLEASE
LET ME IN?
THERE'S REALLY NOTHING
FOR YOU TO WORRY
ABOUT HERE, SO--
THAT'S...OWEN?
UH-HUH. YEAH,
THAT'S OWEN
AND I'M CLAUDIA.
AND EVERYONE'S
FINE HERE, SO--
UH, WHERE'S JULIA?
SHE'S THE ONE WHO
LIVES HERE, RIGHT?
RIGHT. UH, SHE'S AT WORK.
WHERE?
I DON'T KNOW. SHE'S--
WELL, SHE'S TEMPING.
SO, IF THERE WAS
AN EMERGENCY
AND YOU NEEDED
TO REACH HER,
YOU COULDN'T?
I GUESS, BUT SHE'LL
BE HOME SOON.
WHEN?
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T EXACTLY
KNOW WHEN,
BUT, UM, SOON.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
BAILEY'S PROBABLY
AT THE RESTAURANT,
SO I'LL JUST GO
GIVE HIM A CALL.
DOES HE LIVE HERE?
NO.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU CAN CALL HIM
FROM MY OFFICE.
I NEED YOU
AND YOUR BROTHER
TO COME WITH ME.
WHAT?
WE NEED TO GO DOWN
THERE AND I NEED
TO MAKE SOME CALLS
AND FIND OUT EXACTLY
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH THIS FAMILY.
WHAT?
HEY, OWEN.
I'M JIMMY. WE'RE GOING
TO TAKE A RIDE, OK?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING? STOP THAT!
YOU LIKE
MY NEW TRUCK?
OH, THAT IS ONE--
STOP THAT!
LEAVE HIM ALONE!
PUT HIM DOWN!
GET YOUR HANDS
OFF OF HIM!
GET WHATEVER YOU NEED.
YOUR KEYS, WHATEVER.
PLEASE?
SET HIM DOWN!
LET'S JUST
TAKE IT EASY, OK?
LET'S MAKE THIS EASIER
FOR EVERYBODY.
WE'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE WITH YOU.
LEAVE HIM ALONE!
JUST LEAVE HIM ALONE!
OK, THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
I WANT TO SEE THEM
RIGHT NOW!
YOU GO TO A HOUSE AND
JUST TAKE SOMEBODY?
WHAT IS THAT?
LOOK, I'M SORRY,
YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO WAIT.
LADY, WHERE ARE THEY?
WHERE ARE MY
BROTHER AND SISTER?
Owen: HI.
OH, MY GOD.
HEY.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU OK, BUDDY?
KIRSTEN, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
THEY CALLED ME.
ARE YOU THE PERSON
THAT TOOK THEM?
YOU'RE THE SIBLINGS?
YEAH, WE ARE.
ALL RIGHT, WE NEED--
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
YOU GOT A LOT OF NERVE,
YOU KNOW THAT?
COME ON, LET'S GO.
HE MUST BE SLEEPY.
I'M SORRY. NO!
NO. WHY THE HELL NOT?
BECAUSE CERTAIN THINGS
NEED TO BE INVESTIGATED.
FOR EXAMPLE, WHY WE'RE GETTING
CALLS FROM HER SCHOOL
ASKING US TO INTERVENE
BECAUSE NOBODY'S AWARE
THAT SHE'S ABSENT
ALL THE TIME?
AND WHO'S TAKING CARE
OF HIM?
WE ARE.
WE'RE TAKING CARE
OF BOTH OF THEM.
WELL, THERE ARE STANDARDS
FOR THAT CARE
AND WE NEED TO BE SATISFIED
THAT THEY'RE BEING MET.
NOW, I'LL NEED YOU BOTH
TO BE AVAILABLE
IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS.
THE OFFICE WILL CONTACT YOU
TOMORROW ABOUT
SETTING UP A MEETING.
FINE. THAT'S FINE.
ANYTIME.
IN THE MEANTIME,
WE ARE PLACING
CLAUDIA AND OWEN
WITH MS. BENNETT
AND HER HUSBAND
UNTIL WE CAN
COME UP WITH
A LONGER-TERM PLAN.
WHAT?
KIRSTEN?
APPARENTLY, THIS IS
WHAT THEY DO.
THIS IS GREAT, CLAUD.
THIS IS REALLY GREAT
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
WE DIDN'T HAVE
ENOUGH PROBLEMS.
Julia: I DON'T WANT
TO TELL HIM.
GOD, HOW ARE WE
GOING TO TELL HIM?
I KEEP TRYING
TO THINK OF
A WAY TO SAY IT
AND IT KEEPS
SOUNDING MORE
AND MORE HIDEOUS.
WELL, LISTEN, I COULD
SKIP WORK TODAY, JULE.
GO WITH YOU TO SEE CHARLIE
FOR MORAL SUPPORT.
OR I COULD GO WITH YOU
TO THE SOCIAL SERVICES
MEETING. WHAT TIME'S THAT?
1:30, BUT BAILEY
AND I ARE GOING
TO DO IT.
WELL, THEN,
HOW ABOUT IF I JUST
STAY HERE, YOU KNOW.
DEAL WITH STUFF
OR WHATEVER.
NO. THE BEST THING
YOU CAN DO FOR US
RIGHT NOW IS GO TO WORK.
WHY? WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL
IF I MISS ONE DAY?
I MEAN, IT'S KIND OF
DUMB FOR ME TO BE AT
THE SHOP IF YOU NEED ME.
GRIFFIN, WHAT'S IT GOING
TO LOOK LIKE IF YOU'RE
ALREADY TAKING TIME OFF?
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN
BEEN THERE 2 WEEKS.
SO WHAT? WHO CARES?
THAT'S SWEET.
THANK YOU.
GO TO WORK.
MAN!
I'M SORRY.
WE'RE REALLY--
I WANT TO KNOW...
EXACTLY, WORD FOR WORD,
WHAT THESE CHILD WELFARE
PEOPLE SAID TO YOU.
THEY SAID THAT THEY
WANTED TO TALK
TO US FORMALLY.
WHICH IS A TECHNICALITY,
I'M SURE, YOU KNOW.
IT'S LIKE ONE OF THOSE
THINGS WHERE ONCE THEY
START ALL THE PAPERWORK,
THEN THEY HAVE TO GO
THROUGH THESE MOTIONS
OR SOMETHING.
BUT EVERYTHING IS GOING
TO BE FINE, CHARLIE.
WE'LL TELL THEM THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO BE
OUT OF HERE SOON.
HE'S RIGHT. I THINK
THEY WERE JUST
TRYING TO SCARE US,
WHICH THEY DID SO--
LOOK, WE'LL GIVE THEM
A WHOLE SCHEDULE OF
WHO'S WATCHING WHO WHEN
IF THAT'S WHAT
THEY'RE LOOKING FOR.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
HOW DOES THIS THING--
CHARLIE, DON'T--
JUST GO FIND SOMEBODY.
A NURSE OR SOMEBODY,
ALL RIGHT?
'CAUSE I GOT TO GET
TO THAT OFFICE.
CHARLIE, PLEASE,
STOP DOING THAT.
YOU'RE GOING TO HURT
YOURSELF, CHARLIE.
Doctor:
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
DR. RABIN,
GOOD, GOOD, LISTEN,
I NEED TO BE RELEASED
TODAY. RIGHT NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I'VE GOTTA
GET OUT OF HERE.
THERE'S SOMETHING
VERY IMPORTANT
THAT I HAVE TO DO.
NO.
I HAVE TO!
CHARLIE, YOU'RE RUNNING
A LITTLE BIT OF A FEVER.
WE HAVE TO FINISH
YOUR COURSE OF ANTIBIOTICS.
I'LL TAKE A PILL.
LISTEN TO ME, ALL RIGHT?
YOU SPENT 2 WEEKS
GETTING RID OF THIS PNEUMONIA
AND WE'RE ALMOST THERE.
NOW IS NOT THE TIME
TO FOOL AROUND.
I'LL CHECK AND SEE WHERE
WE ARE WITH YOUR BLOOD WORK.
DAMN IT!
CHARLIE, I TOLD YOU
WE'LL HANDLE IT.
OH, YOU'LL HANDLE IT.
YEAH.
YOU'LL HANDLE IT?
LOOK HOW YOU'VE
HANDLED IT ALREADY.
YOU WANT ME TO LEAVE
THEM TO YOU FOREVER.
YOU CAN'T EVEN DEAL
WITH THEM FOR 2 WEEKS.
WOW, LOOK AT THAT
BASKETBALL PLAYER.
YOU LIKE BASKETBALL,
RIGHT?
YEAH.
IT'S YOUR FAVORITE?
I'M GONNA GO.
YOU NEED A RIDE
TO SCHOOL?
NO. THANKS.
BUT YOU ARE GOING
TO SCHOOL, RIGHT?
CLAUDIA.
WILL YOU PLEASE TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING.
LOOK, I KNOW
EVERYTHING IS--
WEIRD AND SCARY
AND CONFUSING NOW.
AND I'M SURE YOU
DIDN'T MEAN TO CAUSE
ALL THIS STUFF TO HAPPEN.
GONNA START LECTURING
ME NOW, TOO?
I JUST WANT TO KNOW
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU.
I'M TRYING TO UNDERSTAND
YOU, CLAUD.
WHAT DO YOU DO ALL DAY?
WHEN YOU'RE NOT IN SCHOOL,
WHERE ARE YOU?
AROUND.
MOVIES.
GOLDEN GATE PARK
SOMETIMES.
WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETIMES I PRETEND
LIKE I'M THIS--
TOURIST
FROM BACK EAST.
YOU KNOW, HERE WITH
MY BIG, HAPPY FAMILY
ON VACATION.
LA LA LA.
OH, CLAUD.
THEY MUST
ALL HATE ME NOW.
NO. NO. COME ON,
NOBODY HATES YOU.
LOOK, WE GET IT.
WE GET IT LOUD AND CLEAR.
AND WE MESSED UP.
AND YOU DID
WHAT YOU HAD TO DO.
YOU WERE DOING YOUR JOB.
AND THE TRUTH IS,
WE APPRECIATE YOU
CARING SO MUCH.
I'M JUST SAYING THAT
GIVEN THE CIRCUMSTANCES,
DON'T YOU THINK YOU COULD
CUT US A LITTLE SLACK?
LET ME TELL
YOU SOMETHING.
WHEN YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT
THE WELFARE
OF 2 YOUNG CHILDREN,
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS SLACK.
OK, BUT--
WHY WEREN'T WE INFORMED
ABOUT YOUR BROTHER'S ILLNESS?
SOCIAL SERVICES
HAS BEEN INVOLVED
WITH ALL OF YOU BEFORE,
WHY WEREN'T WE TOLD?
I DON'T KNOW.
IS THERE A PLAN IN PLACE
IF CHARLIE DOESN'T RECOVER?
HEY, HE'S GOING
TO GET BETTER.
HE REALLY IS.
I'M SORRY,
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW THAT.
I KNOW YOU DON'T
WANT TO HEAR THIS,
BUT I BELIEVE THESE KIDS
ARE BEING NEGLECTED.
THAT'S--COME ON.
IT'S NOT LIKE THEY'RE
LIVING ON THE STREET
OR THEY'RE NOT EATING.
NO, BUT FRANKLY,
I THINK THE TWO OF YOU ARE
IN WAY OVER YOUR HEADS.
AND LOOK AT THE COST.
YOU'VE GOT A 15-YEAR-OLD
WHO PRACTICALLY
DROPPED OUT OF SCHOOL
AND NOBODY NOTICED.
THAT'S NEGLECT.
AND AS FAR AS I CAN TELL,
SHE'S THE ONE WHO ENDS UP
LOOKING AFTER OWEN
A LOT OF THE TIME.
NOW, THIS IS A GIRL
WHO HAS NOT DEMONSTRATED
THAT SHE CAN
TAKE CARE OF HERSELF,
LET ALONE A 4-YEAR-OLD.
AND DOES ANYBODY MAKE TIME
FOR THAT LITTLE BOY?
OR IS IT JUST ABOUT
SHUTTLING HIM
TO AND FROM DAYCARE?
BECAUSE THAT'S ALSO NEGLECT.
LOOK, WE'RE
REALLY TRYING.
YOU KNOW WHAT I SEE?
I SEE A FAMILY THAT
IS ONE STEP AWAY
FROM COMPLETE DISASTER.
AND I WILL NOT
LET THAT HAPPEN.
BOY, YOU REALLY DON'T LIKE
KEEPING TRACK OF TIME, DO YOU?
WHAT, I'M THE LAST
ONE HERE?
YEP.
I'M SORRY.
CAN YOU NOT LEAVE
TILL I LEAVE?
NOPE.
SO, SHOW ME HOW TO DO THAT.
WHAT, AN OIL CHANGE?
YEAH. TEACH ME HOW.
I CHANGED MY MIND ABOUT
THAT WHOLE LIFE-DREAM
KIND OF THING.
I WANT TO BE A MECHANIC
WHEN I GROW UP.
YOU MAKING FUN OF ME?
A LITTLE, YEAH.
WELL--
UH, SEE, THE GUY
WHOSE BIKE THIS IS,
HE TRIED TO TAKE
THE FILTER OFF HIMSELF.
AND HE WOUND UP STRIPPING
THESE 3 CROSS-HEAD SCREWS
DOWN HERE. SEE?
IT'S NOT A GOOD THING.
NOTE TO SELF--
NO STRIPPING.
ANYWAY, WHAT YOU
HAVE TO DO--
NO OFFENSE, BUT IT
WASN'T THAT FUNNY.
I KNOW.
IT'S JUST
SOMETHING I DO
WHEN I'M NERVOUS.
WHY ARE YOU NERVOUS?
I'M THINKING ABOUT
TRYING SOMETHING A
LITTLE RISKY MAYBE.
WHAT, LIKE BUNGEE JUMPING?
NO, LIKE THIS.
ROSALIE, I'M--
I'M MARRIED.
I KNOW.
I'M NOT PERFECT,
EITHER.
CHARLIE?
HOW YOU FEELING?
OH, I'M TERRIFIC.
YEAH, EVERYTHING'S--
EVERYTHING'S TERRIFIC.
BUT HEY, YOU--
YOU KNOW THAT.
LOOK, UM--
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT
THIS WAS ALL--
YOU KNOW, YOU--
YOU'D THINK THAT NOW,
OF ALL THE TIMES
IN YOUR LIFE,
THAT YOU'D--THAT YOU'D
THINK, FOR GOD'S SAKE.
WERE YOU TRYING
TO GET BACK AT ME
FOR SOMETHING?
WE GO--WE GO 4 YEARS
WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS
FROM SOCIAL SERVICES
AND THEN YOU--
[SIGHS]
WERE YOU TRYING TO SPITE
ME FOR BEING SICK? WHAT?
NO.
I JUST--
I COULDN'T SIT THERE
IN ALGEBRA...
AND ENGLISH COMP LIKE--
LIKE EVERYTHING WAS NORMAL.
I CAN'T EXPLAIN IT TO YOU.
IT WAS JUST--
JUST SO--
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHY DIDN'T YOU CALL?
HOW DID IT GO?
NOT GREAT.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
NOT GREAT?
WHAT ARE THEY
GOING TO DO?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE TRIED, BUT
I'M NOT SURE HOW
IT'S GONNA GO.
THEY'RE NOT--
THEY'RE NOT GOING
TO TAKE THEM OUT OF
THE HOUSE, ARE THEY?
ARE THEY--ARE THEY
GOING TO GIVE THEM
TO SOMEBODY ELSE NOW?
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE
TRYING TO TELL ME?
MAYBE.
YOU DON'T NEED ANY STUFF
FROM THE HOUSE, DO YOU?
CLOTHES.
WHAT?
I COULD USE CLOTHES.
THAT'S AN EXTRA
20 MINUTES.
DOESN'T KIRSTEN HAVE
A WASHING MACHINE?
CLAUDIA?
I ASKED YOU SOMETHING.
OH, GREAT...
THAT'LL HELP, CLAUDIA.
NOT TALKING TO ME IS
REALLY GONNA TO HELP.
I DON'T HAVE ANYBODY.
WHAT?
YOU'VE GOT GRIFFIN.
BAILEY...WELL,
BAILEY HAS ANNIE.
I DON'T HAVE ANYBODY.
I BEG--EXCUSE ME,
EXCUSE ME, MA'AM,
UH, YOU CAN'T
GO THERE.
MA'AM, EXCUSE ME.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I'M USED TO--
MY HUSBAND USED TO OWN--
HEY.
HEY, UH, CAN YOU
TAKE LUNCH NOW?
I NEED YOU TO HELP ME
WITH SOMETHING.
YEAH.
YEAH, YOU SHOULD
PUT THESE ON.
I MANAGED TO
GET ANOTHER MEETING
ABOUT CLAUDIA AND OWEN,
AND I WANT YOU
TO COME WITH ME.
[SIGHS]
OK. I'M JUST
GOING TO GO CHECK
AND MAKE SURE--
I'VE ONLY GOT
A FEW MINUTES, SO...
I KNOW AND THANK YOU
SEEING ME AGAIN.
I KNOW YOU'RE REALLY BUSY
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
THIS STUFF WITH MY FAMILY.
AND...BUT THIS ISN'T
CLAUDIA'S FAULT.
I MEAN, LOOK AT WHAT THE
LAST FEW YEARS HAVE BEEN
FOR HER, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, ANYONE WOULD REACT.
AND I KNOW THERE WASN'T
SOME GROWNUP SAYING
STOP, DON'T CUT SCHOOL.
I KNOW THAT.
THERE SHOULD HAVE BEEN.
BUT PLEASE DON'T PUNISH
CLAUDIA AND OWEN
BECAUSE WE WEREN'T
PAYING ATTENTION.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT
PUNISHING ANYBODY.
IT'S ABOUT TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WHAT'S BEST
FOR THOSE 2 CHILDREN.
WE ARE.
GRIFFIN AND ME.
BASED ON WHAT?
I KNOW--I KNOW I HAVEN'T BEEN
DOING A VERY GOOD JOB
'CAUSE ALL THIS TAKING
CARE OF KIDS STUFF...
IT JUST SORT OF HAPPENED.
YOU KNOW, THERE WAS NO PLAN.
THERE WAS NO--
WE JUST ENDED UP
IN THE MIDDLE OF IT,
BUT NOW WE KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
AND WE KNOW
WHAT NOT TO DO.
AND LOOK AT US.
TAKE A LOOK AT US.
WE'RE MARRIED,
WE'RE COMPLETELY
DEVOTED TO EACH OTHER,
AND WE LOVE EACH OTHER.
RIGHT?
TOTALLY.
AND TRUST ME, GRIFFIN AND I
HAVE BEEN THROUGH
SOME PRETTY
CRAPPY STUFF TOGETHER.
BUT WE'VE FIGURED OUT
HOW TO GET THROUGH IT.
I THINK NOW WE CAN PRETTY
MUCH SURVIVE ANYTHING.
I DON'T KNOW, JULIA.
I MEAN...
I KNOW YOU'RE SINCERE
ABOUT THIS,
BUT IT'S NOT ENOUGH.
WHAT IF I TELL YOU
I'LL ONLY TAKE JOBS
WHERE I CAN BE HOME
WHEN THEY GET HOME?
YEAH, AND I'M DOING
OK MONEY-WISE NOW,
SO THAT'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
AND I'LL MAKE SURE
CLAUDIA GOES TO SCHOOL
AND THAT SHE STUDIES
AND THAT SHE DOES
HER HOMEWORK.
AND I PROMISE
THAT THERE WILL ALWAYS BE
SOMEONE THERE FOR OWEN.
I KNOW HOW TO DO THIS.
I HAD A REALLY GOOD MOTHER.
ARE WE TALKING LONG-TERM
OR SHORT-TERM?
WHAT KIND OF COMMITMENT
ARE YOU MAKING?
WHICHEVER. UNTIL CHARLIE CAN
TAKE CARE OF THEM AGAIN.
HOWEVER LONG THEY NEED US.
YOU'RE HOW OLD, 18?
YOU'RE NOT THINKING
ABOUT COLLEGE?
NO. NOT WHILE THIS
IS GOING ON. NO.
WHAT ABOUT--
THE TWO OF YOU
DON'T WANT TO MOVE OUT
ON YOUR OWN?
WE'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE.
YOUR WHITE CELL COUNTS
ARE EXACTLY WHERE
THEY SHOULD BE.
YOUR CHEST X-RAY'S
CLEAR.
CHARLIE, WE'RE DONE
WITH YOU HERE.
YOU'RE DISCHARGED.
OK.
I'M SURE YOU'LL BE GLAD
TO GET BACK HOME.
GET BACK TO NORMAL.
YEAH, SURE.
I'LL GET YOUR STUFF.
THIS WILL BE
A LITTLE SORE.
JULE, HEY.
HEY.
WHAT?
GOOD NEWS.
[SIGHS]
CAN YOU OPEN THIS?
I HATE THESE THINGS.
YOU KNOW, CHILD-PROOF.
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
YOU GOT A HEADACHE?
YEAH.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
[SIGHS]
SO YOU WERE GONE
A LONG TIME.
WHERE'D YOU GO?
DOES IT MATTER?
SHE'S PRETTY.
YOUR WIFE.
YEAH. YEAH, SHE IS.
HEY, CHARLIE, UM,
I WANT YOU TO PUT US
IN THE WILL.
GRIFFIN AND ME.
THAT WE'D
GET THEM IF--
I THINK IT'S TOO MUCH.
IT'S TOO MUCH, JULE.
DO YOU REALIZE HOW BIG
A SACRIFICE THAT WOULD BE
FOR YOU AND GRIFFIN TO--
YOU KNOW, EVERYBODY
KEEPS SAYING THAT.
ABOUT WHAT I'D BE
GIVING UP,
BUT THAT'S NOT--
I MEAN, YOU GET
STUFF BACK, TOO,
FROM TAKING CARE
OF EVERYBODY.
I MEAN, THERE'S
A LOT TO FEEL GOOD
ABOUT, ISN'T THERE?
HAVING THEM
NEED YOU.
HAVING US NEED YOU.
I MEAN, IT'S NOT
ALL ONE WAY,
RIGHT, CHARLIE?
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU KNOW THAT.
SO, IT BALANCES OUT.
YOUR LIMO, SIR.
OK.
LET'S GO.
Bailey:
I'M TELLING YOU, MAN,
THAT ONE NURSE,
THE CUTE, SHORT ONE
WITH THE BROWN HAIR,
SHE HAD A THING FOR YOU.
Charlie: YEAH, YOU REALLY
WANT TO DATE SOMEBODY
WHO'S CHANGED YOUR BEDPAN.
Julia: AT LEAST THERE
ARE FEWER SURPRISES.
[ALL LAUGH]
CHARLIE!
HEY, BUDDY.
YOU WANT ME--
OH, NO, NO,
I GOT HIM.
HEY.
YOU GOT OUT OF BED?
YEAH, I GOT
OUT OF BED.
WANT ME TO TAKE
THAT FOR YOU?
THANK YOU.
BYE, OWEN.
HOW YOU BEEN, BUDDY?
GOOD.
HAVE A GOOD TIME
AT KIRSTEN'S?
UH-HUH.
SHE LET YOU WATCH
LOTS OF RUGRATS?
YEAH.
COME ON,
BUDDY.
COME ON.
LET'S GO HOME.